AFPyro à Bruxelles (BE) - le 31 Janvier
=======================================

**Dear Pythonista friends, write down in your agenda the date of the next AFPyro!**

The next **Aperos Python Belgium** will take place on **saturday, January 31st in Brussels**, during the FOSDEM conference that takes place at ULB from 31st January to 1st February.

In addition to the regulars of AFPyro, we are also pleased to meet the attendees of FOSDEM using Python.

As usual, you can come just for drinking and sharing one (or many) drinks or if you wish, you can also register for the meal that follows, in a near place, at "Chez Léon" for 20:30, rue des Bouchers 18, B-1000 Brussels.

Meeting from 19:45, on first floor of Delirium cafe, `Impasse De La Fidélité 4, 1000 Brussels <http://goo.gl/maps/sb2qV>`_.

If you are a FOSDEM attendee, you can meet us at the `Python devroom <https://fosdem.org/2015/schedule/track/python/>`_, after the end of lightning talks, (`H.1301 room <https://fosdem.org/2015/schedule/buildings/#h>`_) to go to Delirium cafe together.

Please sign up in order to book the place: http://doodle.com/ngdeesgbr6dcx3f5

Further information about the next AFPyros in Belgium: `Aperos Python Belgium <https://groups.google.com/group/afpyro-be/about?hl=en&noredirect=true>`_

--------------------------------------------

**Amis Pythonistes, notez dans vos agendas la date du prochain AFPyro !**

Le prochain **Aperos Python Belgium** se tiendra le **samedi 31 Janvier à Bruxelles**, lors du FOSDEM qui se tient à ULB du 31 Janvier au 1 Février.

En plus des habitués de l’AFPyro, nous attendons également avec plaisir les participants du FOSDEM qui utilisent Python.

Comme chaque fois, vous pouvez venir juste pour l’apéro et partager un (ou des) verres, ou si vous le souhaitez, vous inscrire également pour le repas qui suivra, "Chez Léon" à 20h30, rue des Bouchers 18, B-1000 Bruxelles.

Rendez-vous à partir de 19h45, au premier étage du Délirium café, `Impasse De La Fidélité 4, 1000 Brussels <http://goo.gl/maps/sb2qV>`_.

Si vous participez au FOSDEM, nous vous donnons rendez-vous à la salle `Python-devroom <https://fosdem.org/2015/schedule/track/python/>`_, après la fin des lightning talks, (`salle H.1301 <https://fosdem.org/2015/schedule/buildings/#h>`_), afin d'aller au Délirium café ensemble.

Pour dimensionner au mieux la réservation, merci de vous inscrire sur: http://doodle.com/ngdeesgbr6dcx3f5

Toutes les infos des prochains AFPyros en Belgique: `Aperos Python Belgium <https://groups.google.com/group/afpyro-be/about?hl=en&noredirect=true>`_